for example none of my friends have ever
seen my wife and anytime I go to my
friend's house I have never seen their
wife ever what ever that's why in Islam
in the Quran what does God Almighty say
tell the believing men to lower their
gaze don't look what does that mean not
look at what pornography no is telling
you that if I'm walking down the road I
don't care if a woman is dressed up in a
bikini she's wearing a nikab nikab is
like you know the bur I don't care what
she's wearing my job is not to look at
her what does that teach young men
discipline discipline only that do not
objectify woman it mean it means that as
a man I have to guard my gaze do you get
it and obviously because that for
example we're having this interview
obviously I don't want to be rude and be
talking to you like this you know some
some Muslim would say okay you know why
you in the comments you'll have it will
I trying to have a discussion where we
both can come to a mutual understanding
so by you ignoring me and not
participating which a look that is eye
contact it wouldn't be as
fruitful Salam guys so just before the
video starts I want to make some
clarifications number one when I'm
talking about Nobody seeing my wife and
Ne ever seen my friend's wife let's
context to this insh brother and sisters
it's a matter of preference I don't want
people to use this and think that this
is having Etc is personal preferences in
C circumstan different it is not Haram
for my wife in her correct hijab be in
the presence of my wife it is not Haram
it does not make a man a so please do
not use this and misuse this in it
varies in the in the Shar there is
absolutely nothing wrong in certain
circumstances sitting in the same room
correcting hijab and they can be
discussing a topic whatever is for that
matter so I just want to make a
disclaimer this is in specific instances
because when I've gone there I haven't
gone and said I would like to see your
wife there is no need the wife to be in
my presence or my being in my mate's
presence just wanted to give a
disclaimer enjoy the video it was an
amazing podcast at the end there is a
link for the full podcast with brogen um
we had an amazing amazing podcast and
discussed many amazing topics check out
inah enjoy the video by the grace of
Allah subhah wa ta'ala the response has
been overwhelming to say the very least
alhamdulillah we've had social media
personalities and respected Scholars sh
from many parts of the Muslim world
promoting the cause we have raised
almost 1.4 million alhamdulillah and we
haven't been sitting idy waiting to hit
our Target of 2 million we have fully
purchased four properties in London
transferred their ownership to the W
after the help of Allah subhanahu wa
taala none of this would be possible
without your support so we thank you
once again this is our update to
yourselves we encourage you to stay
tuned for more updates now that the work
alhamdulillah is truly underway another
issue is when it comes to like
pornography oh I've got it written here
God you were touching on it I think it's
the root of all evil it is thank you it
isn't if you know what it's doing do you
know it's creating pedophiles of course
it's rewiring people's brains y okay so
this is a question I wrote down there as
you were talking so I'm sure like in any
Community there are probably Muslim when
the watch yes yeah how would they redeem
themselves for that then so when it
comes to pornography pornography
destroys the soul I agree pornography
destroys the soul and uh and like you
said it is the one of the roots of all
evil I mean because people think it's in
that instant Al like oh you know we're
just masturbating over that and that
moment was gone but what it's doing it's
exactly what you said earlier it's
taking the woman from a Divine being to
object yeah and let me tell you like
anyone that's not that's not making love
that's not communication that's not
relationship that's not sex yeah this is
just people objectifying people um I am
actually doing an episode on it but for
me I believe it's the root of all evil
and I think yeah and actually I was
listening to this podcast just in case
anyone's listening about the great porn
debate and they were saying actually
watching pornography rewies the brain
and you can actually become more
addictive in everything else so that's
why drug use and pornography seemed to
go into hand inand so yeah that just
touching on that but if Muslims were to
watch pornography how would they then
redeem themselves and go back to that
Justice that you were talking about so
when it comes to pornography like you
said it's if I'm not Mist it's three
times more like addictive than cocaine
so you need to understand that see with
cocaine when you take it's just a
substance um where certain individuals
take I'll come to later who are those
individuals we'll talk about them one of
them are your guest oh we weren going to
leave that we okay so um basically it's
just the substance that you take okay
it's not good for you but you need to
understand the heart doesn't desire what
the eyes don't see
so when you are now consuming because we
don't understand we've been consuming is
just with what we eat no what it's what
you engage with it's your activities
it's what comes up on your Instagram
feed it's the conversations that you
have it's the way you talk to yourself
ex exactly so what happens is when you
are consuming with your eyes that's
having an impact on the heart now this
is why like Ted Bundy I think that's the
the seral kill I think that was yeah
yeah yeah yeah he said he said he was
walking on one day and in a rubbish he
saw a magazine and from there he started
whole uh this whole serial killing and
of these uh females these women so it
destroys the soul so in Islam when
you're watching this you need to
understand that it's not as easy of just
repenting repenting is repenting for
what you have done against your own soul
that's what Allah says in the Quran for
those who wrong their selves because
when you're committing a sin you're not
doing anything against God you're
wronging your own self because there's
going to be repercussions to that
because anything there's there's cause
and effect so when you're doing that now
there's a whole period where you you
have to say hold on a second I have been
exposed to this and now there's
consequences because you are not looking
at opposite gender the same forget that
I mean like even when it comes to incest
like in America it's I believe it all
bows back down to pornography and then
it requires you to purify the heart
Islam gives great importance to
purification of the heart you're not
protecting your eyes that's why in Islam
in the Quran what does God Almighty say
tell the believing men to lower their
gaze don't look what does that mean not
look at what pornography no is telling
you that if I'm walking down the road I
don't care if a woman is dressed up in a
bikini she's wearing aabab is like you
know the bur I don't care what she's
wearing my job is not to look at her
what does that teach young men
discipline discipline not only that do
not objectify woman it mean it means
that as a man I have to guide my gaze do
you get it and obviously because for
example we're having this interview
obviously I don't want to be rude and be
talking to you like this you know some
some Muslims would say okay you know why
you not in the comments you have it why
yeah no no I'll get it'll be like Ally
why you not lowering your gaze looking
at her it's just our cuz we're having a
communication but also again maybe
that's the letter of two evils we're
trying to have a discussion we're both
like it's not an argument we're trying
to have a discussion where we both can
come to a mutual understanding so by you
ignoring me and not participating which
a look that is eye contact it wouldn't
be as fruitful exactly that's why so for
for me for example the only way like for
example once I was having a discussion
with a lady she came to speak as corner
and she was dressed up you look at the
floor or not you looking so this lady
you can watch the video so this lady was
dressed up in a way
where she provocative very like she what
like how most women go out on a Saturday
night in London yeah you can say you can
say so I literally had to talk to her
she was there I just had to talk to her
like this like she was there I I cuz oh
sorry sorry so she was there and you
were looking forward she was there and I
just did she have like a low cut
something on or low
cut I don't you call that low cut you
that no cut no cut so basically I just
cu you know what it is cuz at the end of
the day I'm a man I've been created in a
certain way and this is the reality that
a lot of the people in the Western World
don't understand no look you need to
understand men and women are created in
way there's that desire it's there so
that's why Islam deals with prevention
better than cure that's why you have
people come and say oh my wife went to a
a work party and then she cheat on me
everybody has so would you not let your
life wife go to a work party it's it's
not about my me letting my wife or me
not letting my wife or my wife not
letting me Islam doesn't allow us okay
so if you if your wife worked in an
office I don't believe she does
if she did would you hold on let me
strip that back would you let her work
in an office okay my islamically a woman
is allowed to work as as long as there
is for example there is not free mixing
so if your wife were to work in an
office where the desks were laid out
like this and there could be males and
female is that prohibited okay yeah so
for example I my wife would not be
allowed like islamically not not cuz I'm
telling her to or not which I have a
right to as well for example I don't
have female friends zero and for example
like even when when it comes to certain
like my wife has full access to my phone
even though islamically we shouldn't go
for each other's phone but for I have no
problem my wife going for my phone
because at the end of the day I know I'm
a public figure sometimes females
message with other intentions so I just
you know get my wife to message them I
say listen look just you know you deal
with it so what Islam does Islam says we
need to protect the family unit and if
you want to protect the family unit we
need to understand that God Almighty
when we talk about Justice I want to do
the greatest Justice to her and she
wants to do the greatest Justice to us
so we can do the greatest Justice to God
Almighty so what we do is we have
certain protocols in place place for
example none of my friends have ever
seen my wife and anytime I go to my
friend's house I have never seen their
wife ever what ever for example I go to
my friend's house let me tell you how it
works we have the living room and in
that living room my for example if I
have friends coming over to my house if
I if for example I can say to my wife
look can you be both to cook no okay
I'll outside no problem she says you
know what no I want to cook you guys
lasagna perfect she's done cooking I'll
tell it you can go out take the car have
a nice day I'll be serving them I'll
I'll be serving them whatever they want
I will serve them if the kitchen is in
the other room my wife would never come
to the presence of my friends you know
why my wife has no business with my
friends and I have no business with
their wife no tell me what what business
do I have with my wife friends or them
with mine but aren't we then aren't we
okay sorry this is crazy I did not know
this but um aren't we then limiting
communic like so what I'm saying is yeah
but this has been an interesting opening
conversation for me right so I actually
get on friendly not outside I wouldn't
speak to any of my friends's husbands
outside then but sometimes when we go
around
okay this one I need to but when we go
some of them I do actually but when we
go around the house we will have
conversations like this like you've met
my partner he agrees the same like no
one should be touching your tear no one
should be doing that you know um is that
your partner yeah that's my partner oh
handsome handsome guy yeah so he he's
got like he's quite traditional in those
kind of beliefs whereas I'm like a bit
like easygoing like I you you would die
yeah so I raise money for charity
outside of this and I do a boxing event
I have to look after 16 men just myself
as the only female as in like group
chats ring them meet them for lunch that
that's probably going to come to be an
issue but what I'm saying is I'm
interested in going around to people's
hous like when I go to my friend's house
is having these conversations and I
suppose this is what the basis of the
shows are about right but understanding
other people's opinions because I'm sure
there'll be I'll walk away from here and
be like do you know what I actually
misunderstood that or whatever but the
only way I've done that is through
conversation and males have different
conversations than females and surely
could May learn something from the wives
or your wife may learn from the friends
I can there can be stuff that I learned
from my wife 100% yeah 100% you I mean
there's a lot of things my wife teaches
me actually you know she actually knows
more Quran than me you know when I'm
reciting the Quran I'm making mistakes
she corrects me from behind yeah so the
thing is this you said that some of my
um friends husbands I don't talk them
outside or some of them I do yeah okay
what what would happen if you was to
have that kind of dialogue outside them
like like like let's say outside you see
you used to see them where does where do
we draw the line the question is this
where do we draw the line and say this
is okay that's not okay it's all
subjective that's why we believe we need
a Divine source to implement Justice why
because there has to be Justice on like
I said to you before your husband and
your husband to you yourself and your
husband will know and relate to this
very well men know men men know men my
always says as well like if you leave
the fox in the pen for long enough it's
going to Shag the sorry guys if I'm
repeating that wrong but that was his
point you know what it is it's at the
end of the day you might like I done a
social experiment um about eight years
ago can men and women just be friends I
went to Kingston and I thought I just
let me just go speak to these people I
need to watch this you need to watch
that I went to them and I asked them
there was one guy and most them most
sorry is am I your first female podcast
no oh no thought I was going to get a
title then okay so if you go to Kingston
I went to Kingston done a social
experiment I was asking people most of
them a woman were like yeah of course I
can be friends because they are not
seeing it the way we see it because we
we think in a different way you think
there's nothing wrong being friends but
you understand men being in the friend
zone is a step closer to get into to her
and KN that this disrespect to her
partner there was one guy I sped him and
she was like yeah he's my best friend
and I said okay no problem I said your
best friend he's like nah he's like I'm
I'm into her like he was basically
saying that she was Gob smack she was
like she was like it's like it's like
someone punched in the face she's like
what and she walked off he was laughing
his head off he's like no I'm just going
to be honest yep I'm I'm into I'm just
in the friend zone and I was like this
is what I'm talking about and there was
studies done many places men and women
cannot just be friends so I'm not saying
that your friend's husbands have a thing
for you I'm not saying that and I'm
neither saying they might not what I'm
saying is that Islam has come to
preserve that Justice for your husband
and for yourself as well because I'm
obviously depends like I know my wife
would not want me to have female friends
yes and I not do I don't do it just
because of my wife but because Islam
says and vice versa she respects that as
well so I'm having that Justice I'm
living by that Justice for her and for
myself because we believe prevention is
better than cure because look sometimes
in the Western World you happen to have
a few drinks these things I hear stories
of yes we was at a party my husband had
to go somewhere urgently and the next
thing I know I ended up in his bed well
you didn't bloody dropped there did you
you know it's so Islam says this that's
going to lead to this and that's going
to lead to that what about prevention is
better than cure you know why because
now the breakdown of that house is going
to be far costly to the children because
we looking at two parent households they
do far more better than the divorce you
know the nuclear family is fundamental
that's why Islam has come to protect the
communal rights family unit is
fundamental that's why as you see we
Muslims are at the gates of the whole
lgbqt trans whatever you want to call it
we don't no we don't we don't want that
far we're coming on to that we don't
want so that's why Islam is gives great
emphasis because when the family unit
breakdown is has a ripple effect on kids
right well so you've led into my next
question yeah um the next I want talk
about is marriage and family um actually
this is the first time I've actually
stuck to something so I didn't want to
not ask you any questions um but right
so adultery is a very